    ### Preparation01
    
    It's difficult to objectively identify anything which might have been defining (or even unique) about my K-12 education, relative to what other people might have experienced in other places, or at other times; however, I distinctly recall the frequent lament of teachers, bemoaning standardized testing and "no child left behind" as the misguided and poisonous principles of a new, unimaginative pedagogy. In discussions thereof, it was clear to me that I should recognize myself as the unfortunate victim of these unfortunate, political developments. 
    
    In secret reality, I hardly ever knew what to make of this sentiment, though I made myself agreeable to it often. I did well in school, and received good grades, so if there was a problem for some, I was confident it didn't concern me. Usually I did my best to finish homework during class, and when I had no homework to do, I did my best to find something interesting to waste my attention on, something which almost certainly had nothing to do with the lesson at hand. As a brief aside, if this comes off as boastful, it seems now like an opportune moment to point out that being "too smart for school" is, as a matter of course, not really that impressive to anyone, at any time, but especially when the school is elementary and the person is at least a somewhat grown adult. In any event, I generally considered school an awful bore, though it had a few redeeming qualities. For one, it gave me an excuse to leave the house, and moreover they sometimes even let me do a bit of reading here and there, which was always nice. 
    
    My favorite thing about it though, and I suspect most people wouldn't agree here, was the tests. Oh boy did I love taking tests. Not for any good reason, as if I valued the opportunity to discover the limits of my knowledge, or something disciplined like that: I just loved the dopamine hit I got when the score came back, and I already knew what it was going to say. When it was an A, I was intoxicated by the reassurance that I really was smarter, and therefore better, than everyone else; when it was not, I was resentful of "unfair questions" or "bad teaching," or whatever excuse laid most readily at hand. 
    
    Eventually the obvious became evident even to me, despite the valiance of my narcissistic density. I wasn't smarter, and I certainly wasn't better than anybody else, I was just a good test taker. That I managed to maintain a reasonably decent GPA for so long while going through the motions of an education is surely an indictment of both my juvenile egocentrism and the flaccid standards of Egelston township's public schools. 
